well it's now been 17 days since the war
in Gaza began and Israel is continuing
its bombing campaign at least 400
Palestinians have been killed in some of
the worst overnight attacks on the
territory according to health officials
in Gaza well humanitarian Aid does
continue to enter as hospitals are in
dire need of medical supplies thousands
of Palestinians seeking shelter and
schools are now receiving some aid but
people say what they need most is for
the attacks to stop on Monday Israeli
air strikes hit several locations
including neighborhoods in Gaza City now
many families and children have been
displaced after their homes were left in
Ruins and Israeli forces have
intensified raids too in the occupied
West Bank dozens of Palestinians were
detained there overnight two killed
during an Israeli raid in the jalone
refugee camp now since the start of the
war on October 7th more than 5,000
Palestinians have lost their lives in
Gaza according to the Palestinian Health
Ministry in the occupied West Bank
Israeli forces have killed 95 in the
past 2 weeks in Israel 1400 people were
killed in hamas's military operation
Harry forcett begins our
coverage nighttime brings no respit for
Palestinians in Gaza instead More Death
more
destruction the Israeli Army says it hit
320 targets during the night children
among the victims
gaza's Health Ministry says about 2,000
have been killed so
far medical and rescue crews work
through the dark to pull people from the
rubble they're only lights torches and
car headlamps electricity is scarce in
the strip under a complete blockade by
Israel rescue workers and volunteers are
sent scrambling by another Israeli
missile strike nearby those rescued are
taken to one of the D windling number of
hospitals still functioning but even
there the threat is
constant another bomb near the alud
hospital creating Panic for those inside
and the strikes continued further south
where the Israeli Army has been telling
Palestinians to
flee we were told that Khan unun is
considered to be a safe place and
everyone came here from the North or
from Gaza City but unfortunately last
night was the hardest night so far we
saw Khan
Unice
when we moved to Kan Yunis with my
family there were 17 of us then after
the Israelis hit us and betrayed us
there's only four of us left I can
understand how the four of us will live
and how we will return to our home in
gazi after 17 of us used to live
together this is a real nightmare one I
will never forget for the rest of my
life nearby what Aid has so far got in
through Egypt is being sorted and
prioritized
it is mainly medical supplies for the
hospitals there is also a small amount
of food supplies which we had received
we will work with the Palestinian red
cresant to start distribution instantly
to those in need we will distribute in
the South and are hoping to reach to the
north of Gaza to deliver the aid for
those in need some of that work is now
underway but Aid agencies continue to
call for a sustained reliable Supply one
that includes desperately needed fuel
for a population Under Siege and under
unrelenting bombardment Harry foret Al
jazer well the CM brigades has now
released video footage showing the
launch of its kamakazi drones into
Israeli territory the military wing of
Hamas said it targeted sites in Israel
for the first time since it's offensive
more than two weeks
ago well let's speak to alzer's hanni
abuba he's live for us from Khan yunes
in the Gaza Strip honey we have been now
hearing about a a third Aid Convoy
that's heading into the strip do we know
where the aid that's gotten in so far
has
gone yes for the past half an hour we
received reports confirming the the
entrance of the third uh batch of
humanitarian a from the Egyptian side uh
those trucks were uh arrived this
morning at the Egyption side from Alish
City they were checked to cleared and
then transferred to designated United
Nations uh trucks and then at this
particular hour they have been allowed
to enter the Palestinian uh territories
now these Aid uh are going to be uh
taken from the area of the Raa Crossing
all the way to designated uh Ona uh
warehouses where they will be sorted and
prioritize so far we know the United
Nations and its uh operations uh Branch
uh have prepared lists and and and made
and specify locations where those AIDS
are going to we don't we don't know
exactly where but we know the uh the the
lists have been prepared and exact
locations have been also identified for
these AIDS to be delivered we also uh
received a a report from a source
confirming the arrival of a fourth batch
of medical supplies only Med supplies
and a medical team arriving Alish
airport uh on the Egyptian side uh we
don't know when this is going to be uh
entering Gaza could be uh tomorrow or
the day after tomorrow depending on the
coordination the process uh it's
necessary to point out that so far uh
these Aid Convoy only contained uh Food
Supplies and medical supplies there is
zero fuel supply supplies entering the
Gaza Strip now it's also important to
mention that a 20 trucks even 40 or 50
or 100 uh it's just so little compared
to the needs of the of the Palestinian
Gaza Strip Gaza needs daily 500 trucks
uh of of of Aid of Food Supplies medical
supplies and other and other
supplies honey we know some 400 people
have been killed just in the last 24
hours and the strikes are continuing in
the South where people have fled where
you are currently what have you been
seeing and
hearing well for the past hour we worked
on verifying the number and we learned
from a source at the Ministry of Health
that the number of people who have been
killed uh throughout uh the past 24
hours have reached 500 people now and
it's an in an official statement by the
Ministry of Health uh uh all of this is
happening under a mass bombardment and
air strike just at about 3:00 uh we were
preparing for a live from the hospital a
a house a a few hundred meters away from
the main entrance of the hospital was
targeted by four uh by four missiles and
those C of missiles are the warning that
are sent by Israeli drones in a
preparation for complete destruction by
an F16 uh it's it's a very scary scene
right now because everybody's anxious
and expecting a bomb being a drop at any
moment I'm sure that sounds terrifying
honey abua they're on the ground for us
from hunis in the Gaza Strip thank you
so much honey and please stay safe